So we're gonna import
on mount from console.
And then inside on mount.
We're gonna load a load of celebrities and
we're gonna assign the value of
the celebrities to, in fact, no we're not.
We're gonna create a promise
that represents the result
of that asynchronous call.
Let's call it celebs promise.
Like that.
This will make more sense in a moment,
side here,
we're gonna do celebs
promise equals load celebs.
Then we just need to implement
the load celebs function.
There's gonna be an asynchronous function.
That's gonna fetch some data from.
The cameo explorer that we
were looking at earlier.
So specifically,
this file is the one that we want.
And we'll just desalinize that as Jason,
and then log it out.
So now you can see that as soon
as the application starts and
that unmount function runs,
we load the celebrities and
we get this list of 2,629
different cameo celebs,
including Dennis Rodman,
Bangman Brandon and various others.
We're not gonna use all 2,600 of them
though because some of them are,
frankly not people that anyone
is gonna have heard of.
So, we're gonna use a simple
heuristic to subset that list and
only include the ones that we care about.
And that is how many reviews they've had.
So you can look at.
Each of this and see the bangbangbrandon?
Despite being the most expensive
of all of the celebrities,
in this set, he set his price at $999.
Has anyone reviewed?
So he's probably not as big
a deal as Dennis Rodman,
who has the comparatively cheap
price of $600 for a 30 second video.
But has 24 reviews but
a lot of them have even more reviews.
Let's see, James Murray down here.
Who I think is the guy
from impractical jokers.
Maybe yeah, this guy, okay,
so he has a lot of reviews so
he is probably using cameo quite a lot and
making a nice little
side income off of that.
And we're gonna set a threshold
if someone has had 50 or
more reviews then we consider them
worth including in a quiz because
it's no fun if you go through the quiz and
you don't have anyone in it.
We're also gonna need to
create a lookup of these maps
from a celebrity ID to a celebrity object.
For reasons that will
become clear later on.
So I'm gonna create a new map.
And then we're gonna populate that
look up, like so, lookup.setc.id.
See, then you can see what that,
looks like.
It's a map of Id object.
And then we're gonna create a subset
of the celebrities that we care about.
It's gonna loop over that list.
And if.
A celebrity has more than or
equal to 50 reviews.
Then we're gonna add them to the set.
And if that's celebrity has anyone that
they're similar to then we're gonna give
those people a pass on the threshold.
We're gonna include those as well,
just cuz it makes the quiz
more interesting.
And we can use the lookup that we
just generated to find those people.
Then we're gonna return both the subsetted
list, which is gonna be an array like so.
Array dot from subset.
And the locker [SOUND] Okay, so
that is the function that's
gonna get the external data and
process it for
the needs of our application.
So, all the remains is to switch
over to the playing state
once that data has loaded, so
we're gonna make this start
handler a sync function now,
because then we can do this.
Get that data from the promise now we need
to figure out which of these celebrities
are gonna be included in our quiz.
So we're gonna make a selection.
Create that selection state.
And then we're gonna use the The select
function is already
included in the start repo.
We're not gonna bother implementing
this during the workshop,
but you can take a look and
see how it's working.
It's taking the list and the lookup.
It's filtering them on category.
And then for
as many rounds as there are, it's taking
a celebrity at random, removing them from
the eraser and they can't be picked again.
And then, randomly if they
have similar celebrities, and
plays a three and
four chance that it will pick one of them,
otherwise it will just
pick any random celebrity.
Put that into our selection array,
make sure that they don't get picked again
later, and then it will return that.
So, we're gonna import that
select function from select.js.
[BLANK AUDIO] And we're
gonna filter it on the slug of
the category that was selected.
So that's gonna look like this
the.detail.category.slug and
then we just need to go to
state equals playing and
so now, hang on a minute.
What we got here lookup is not a function.
So it's telling us that on line 33
of app.spelt we've got a mistake is
where it says subset.add lookup,
parentheses ID,
that should be lookup.get
because lookup is a map.
So, replace that and
no more console errors.
So now if everything has worked correctly
when we select one of these categories,
it's gonna take us to the game screen,
which we haven't yet implemented.
So that is checkpoint one that is the
first step of building this application.
And the next step, we're gonna start
building the actual game play.